# Contribution Guidelines

## Medical Information Provenance

If you see inaccurate or incomplete medical information, please submit an issue!

## Content Curation

Please add content! This is a massive undertaking and we won't be able to do it alone. All pull requests are welcome.

## Organization

We are very open to new ideas about formatting and organization. Feel free to submit issues with ideas about how to better structure the content.

At present, decisions are being made arbitrarily to decide what objects deserve a "top-level" entry and which are mentioned within them. If you know of an established taxonomy for this, please submit an issue with a source.

### Structuring a "Diseases & Open Data" Section

Each top-level entry should contain a **Diseases & Open Data** (DAOD) section. Within that section should be anunordered list that always starts with "Healthy Controls".

Databases are always denoted by an anchor entry in the unordered list, but not all "level 2" entries need by databases. In prostate, for instance, there are a number of databases at level 2 under "Prostate Cancer", but Adenocarcinoma is also listed as a subset of prostate cancer with its own databases. This is allowed and should be utilized in cases where broad databases exist, in order to limit duplicate database entries.

### Structuring a Data Entry

Databases can be included at any level in the D&OD other than 1. They must always take the following form

- [Link to Database](#structuring-a-data-entry)
  - Feature 1
    - Feature 1 info
  - Feature 2
    - Feature 2 info
  - ...

Where features describe in broad terms the type of data included. Feature info then contains more information about that feature. For instance, Feature 1 may be Radiology, and Feature 1 info might be which modalities (e.g. CT, MR). Feature info is preferred but optional.

If a particular feature exists at a different URL, include that after the feature as shown below

- [Link to Database](#structuring-a-data-entry)
  - Feature 1
    - Feature 1 info
  - Feature 2 ([separate url](#structuring-a-data-entry))
    - Feature 2 info
  - ...

**NOTE:** Please do not directly edit the table of contents. It is autogenerated by the headings. If your editor does not have this feature, it will be done as an amendment to your pull request.